Docs: Convert "reporting security issues" from RST to MD (#6829)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/contributing/security.md

```

Most normal bugs in Wagtail are reported as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail/issues), but due to the sensitive nature of security issues, we ask that they not be publicly reported in this fashion.

Instead, if you believe you've found something in Wagtail which has security implications, please send a description of the issue via email to <security@wagtail.io>.
Mail sent to that address reaches a subset of the core team, who can forward security issues to other core team members for broader discussion if needed.

Once you've submitted an issue via email, you should receive an acknowledgement from a member of the security team within 48 hours, and depending on the action to be taken, you may receive further followup emails.

If you want to send an encrypted email (optional), the public key ID for <security@wagtail.io> is `0x6ba1e1a86e0f8ce8`, and this public key is available from most commonly-used keyservers.

Django security issues should be reported directly to the Django Project, following [Django\'s security policies](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/security/) (upon which Wagtail\'s own policies are based).

## Supported versions

> At any given time, the Wagtail team provides official security supportfor several versions of Wagtail:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At any given time, the Wagtail team provides official security support for several versions of Wagtail:
```
